[Auditbeat] improve docs for exclude_files option of file_integrity (#35669)
elastic/beats: auditbeat/docs/modules/file_integrity.asciidoc

link itself will be watched; if the symlink target becomes valid after module
start up this will not be picked up by the file system watches.

*`recursive`*:: By default, the watches set to the paths specified in
`paths` are not recursive. This means that only changes to the contents
of this directories are watched. If `recursive` is set to `true`, the

> `file_integrity` module will watch for changes on this directories and all
> their subdirectories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`file_integrity` module will watch for changes on this directory and all
its subdirectories.
```

for a list of supported regexp patterns. It is recommended to wrap regular
expressions in single quotation marks to avoid issues with YAML escaping
rules.

> If recursive is set to true, subdirectories can also be excluded here by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `recursive` is set to true, subdirectories can also be excluded here by
```
